Yn ymwneud, roedd y cyfnod yn 1843.
Rwy'n gweld y cyfnod yma'n dda'r ddaeth, yn y ffyrdd o amser, oherwydd yna'r edrych.
Roedd y cyfnod wedi'i ddryllu yn y ddaeth.
Roedd y cyfnod yn ddaeth yna.
Roeddent yn ddaeth, roeddent yn mynd i'w ddweud, roeddent yn ddaeth yn ei hunain,
yn y ddaeth.
Roeddent yn ddaeth.
Dyna'r unrhyw beth, Walty. Yw'r labiau yma, y gynllunau.
Roedd gennym nhw yn y ffynod yn Pencysysen.
Roedd gennym, y gai, y cyfnod yma, roedd yn cael ymlaen,
yn y ddaeth fel hyn, a'r gai yn y ddaeth roedd yn cael y cyfnod yma.
Roeddwn i'n dweud y ddaeth y ddaeth roedd yn cael ddwy bobl i'w ddwylo.
Mae'r ddau cyfnodau ysgol, dwi ddim yn gwybod, oherwydd roeddwn yn cael gridd o'r manwl a phethau.
Ond roedd y pethau'n cael y pethau'n cael y manwl, roedd yn cael y ddaeth.
A oes y pethau'n cael y pethau'n cael y manwl?
Roedd yn meddwl bod'r metod yn, well, yn y ddaeth yma, yn y ddaeth yma.
Roeddwn i'n fawr iawn o'r ffordd, ond roedd yna pan oedd yn ymwneud ym Mawrstyr.
Roeddwn i'n ysbwyso yn y bwt, roeddwn i'n cael fy siwr.
Roeddwn i'n ymwneud yn y nastyl. Roeddwn i'n cael sno yn y ffordd, roeddwn i'n fawr iawn o'r bwt.
Roeddwn i'n cael sno yn y bwt.
Yn ymwneud â phan o'r pethau'n ystodol.
Beth oedd yn dweud fel hynny?
Roeddwn i'n cael sno yn y bwt.
Roeddwn i'n cael sno yn y bwt yn fwy fwyaf oedd oedd o'n ddaeth yn ddaeth.
Gweithiwch o'r oed gwnplis hwn?
Roedd wedi cael y lwlau 70 oed, a bynogol ei alkod a godda hwn
ac ar hyn mae'n bing yn dvaeth,
transgender yn JSاips yn y pastur.
Yr wy朋友, sawl yology Bod yn anglo lies,
ond yn mas4 fan, arrow hay,
a rhoedd hi wedi cael Fel.
Felly her apus.
Mae'r blod o metol yn y ffordd o'r glof.
Do you remember your asbestos gloves? Asbestos aprons? Asbestos spats?
Do you want to have another brew?
I don't know why I'm looking for that film of Arthur on the tilt table.
1973, Health and Safety.
Arthur got three video flex houses, big collar,
and the only thing you had to protect you didn't have are gloves and boots.
We didn't have goggles or anything, castings.
You had to be quick on your feet didn't you?
Thick services, sweat cloth, gloves.
Not even up until the end?
No, no.
We do, I can't even say they could be a hindrance sometime as well.
When we used to make these plates, the first thing you'd do was watch.
When that even stopped shimmering, you'd see sand over the top.
You were standing what? Three feet? Two?
And the further you were trying to throw it, your clothes would be wet, you'd get a smoke.
And you'd be...
You see, Arthur, there's something else that you said there.
When the metal stopped shimmering, you'd be tapping out to the cupola as what, 1,500?
No, not quite that, was it?
1,400 recently.
Tapping out, 1,400.
You're casting out, but you're looking at the colour of the metal as you're casting.
When the top stopped moving, you'd serve sand on.
Just so thinly, that would stop the...
The way the holes formed in the top.
And then, once it had set properly, you would cover it completely with about three inches of sand.
That would stop your warping.
You know the brown manhorns you see in the rope?
Yes.
Most of the ones out here have got tailors' funnery on this, what we used to make.
But in the rope itself, there was a frame.
You've got the disc about that wide and that deep depth.
Then you've got a frame about that size, with a flange on it like that.
Then you've got the thing that fits the agility.
Then you've got six bars coming up to support, if you like.
We used to cast them upside down so that the top end was the flat bit.
You were saying that if you didn't put the stuff on it, the sand on it, you'd have little pits.
It'd go out like a volcano.
And it'd be no good.
Some of them did slip by the inspection.
That was Mr. Tailor, that'll do.
Turn it upside down, not the other way around.
Then we used to dip them in tar, stop them on a stick.
We had the tar barrel up there, it was an old tank.
We used to put the three-legged crane in the foundation pentasizing.
We used to have a chain, we used to dip the frame we've got in there,
and leave it in there for a few seconds when it was hot.
Then we left it up and let it drain.
One of the lads did one day knock the ratchet.
He said, you're going in slowly like that anyway.
The tar emptied, emptied over a quarter of the tank of tar all over everywhere else.
The old chap from the end, I said, Berman's dad, he turned it across.
What are you trying to do, lad?
I said, oh, the ratchet just went.
He said, oh, look at that sheep in the corner there.
The fence used to go right up to the scrap where we used to have the scrap.
There was a sheep there with a big blob of tar on its backside.
Of course, by the time it had cooled down, it was stuck.
This poor little sheep was running about in this big blob of tar.
They had the crane catted and they cut the wool off it.
I've asked you this question before and I need to make a note of it.
We know that in the Glasswood Valley there is a scene.